README.md, before:

## Hey, I'm Batjaa (Batjargal Batbold)

Engineer. Photographer. Traveler.

I build software that solves concrete problems and is enjoyable to use.
My background spans full-stack product engineering, platform work, and developer tooling.

`Palo Alto, CA`  
`batjaa.com` → https://batjaa.com

## What I'm Doing

- Building practical applications and automation-heavy workflows
- Exploring AI-assisted engineering workflows and tooling
- Sharing ideas and projects on my site and GitHub

## Experience Highlights

- **Amazon** - Senior Software Development Engineer (Jun 2020 - Jul 2022)
  - Built cross-language consistency test pipelines
  - Redesigned high-throughput string services with better caching strategies
  - Built JS/TS i18n tooling used by engineers across Amazon
- **Quartzy** - Software Engineer (Jun 2015 - Jun 2020)
  - Refactored major frontend systems and improved developer velocity
  - Rebuilt internal modules and marketing integrations that saved team hours weekly
- **Fieldbook / Orbit / Independent**
  - Shipped full-stack systems across product, finance, and operations domains

## Tech

<p>
  <img alt="Go" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img alt="TypeScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
  <img alt="Node.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="Java" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="C#" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=sharp&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="PHP" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white">
</p>

## Writing and Projects

- Website: https://batjaa.com
- GitHub: https://github.com/batjaa
- Blog + featured posts: https://batjaa.com/#blog

## Active Projects

- ⚙️ **[settings](https://github.com/batjaa/settings)** - Environment settings and personal development setup.
- 📈 **[tendies](https://github.com/batjaa/tendies)** - Realized P&L tracker for Schwab/thinkorswim day trading.

## Find Me

<p>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/batjargalbatbold/"><img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Batjargal%20Batbold-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/batjaabatbold/"><img alt="X" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-@batjaabatbold-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BatjargalBatbold"><img alt="YouTube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-Batjargal%20Batbold-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/batjaa.batbold/"><img alt="Instagram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@batjaa.batbold-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white"></a>
</p>

---

If you're building useful products, I am always happy to connect.

Commit message:

docs(readme): move active projects up and add ariguna

README.md, after:

## Hey, I'm Batjaa (Batjargal Batbold)

Engineer. Photographer. Traveler.

I build software that solves concrete problems and is enjoyable to use.
My background spans full-stack product engineering, platform work, and developer tooling.

`Palo Alto, CA`  
`batjaa.com` → https://batjaa.com

## What I'm Doing

- Building practical applications and automation-heavy workflows
- Exploring AI-assisted engineering workflows and tooling
- Sharing ideas and projects on my site and GitHub

## Active Projects

- ⚙️ **[settings](https://github.com/batjaa/settings)** - Environment settings and personal development setup.
- 📈 **[tendies](https://github.com/batjaa/tendies)** - Realized P&L tracker for Schwab/thinkorswim day trading.
- 💇 **[ariguna.com](http://ariguna.com)** - Built from 0 to 1, a salon management system with booking and POS capabilities.

## Experience Highlights

- **Amazon** - Senior Software Development Engineer (Jun 2020 - Jul 2022)
  - Built cross-language consistency test pipelines
  - Redesigned high-throughput string services with better caching strategies
  - Built JS/TS i18n tooling used by engineers across Amazon
- **Quartzy** - Software Engineer (Jun 2015 - Jun 2020)
  - Refactored major frontend systems and improved developer velocity
  - Rebuilt internal modules and marketing integrations that saved team hours weekly
- **Fieldbook / Orbit / Independent**
  - Shipped full-stack systems across product, finance, and operations domains

## Tech

<p>
  <img alt="Go" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img alt="TypeScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
  <img alt="Node.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="Java" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="C#" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=sharp&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="PHP" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white">
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white">
</p>

## Writing and Projects

- Website: https://batjaa.com
- GitHub: https://github.com/batjaa
- Blog + featured posts: https://batjaa.com/#blog

## Find Me

<p>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/batjargalbatbold/"><img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Batjargal%20Batbold-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/batjaabatbold/"><img alt="X" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-@batjaabatbold-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BatjargalBatbold"><img alt="YouTube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-Batjargal%20Batbold-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/batjaa.batbold/"><img alt="Instagram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@batjaa.batbold-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white"></a>
</p>

---

If you're building useful products, I am always happy to connect.
